projects/cookie-banner/README.md, before:

# CookieBanner

This library was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 11.0.9.

## Usage

> Run `npm i @jensuweb/ngx-cookie-banner`

> Add CookieBannerModule to your AppModule

```ts
import { NgModule } from "@angular/core";
import { BrowserModule } from "@angular/platform-browser";
import { AppRoutingModule } from "./app-routing.module";
import { AppComponent } from "./app.component";
import { CookieBannerModule } from "@jensuweb/ngx-cookie-banner";

@NgModule({
  declarations: [AppComponent],
  imports: [BrowserModule, AppRoutingModule, CookieBannerModule],
  providers: [],
  bootstrap: [AppComponent],
})
export class AppModule {}
```

> Import library styles in your public scss file and set color variables.
> Instead of importing, you can copy the scss code and modify it to your needs. Don't forget to place it inside your public styles, otherwise it will not work.

```scss
// Set colors as you like. The following are the default colors.
$color-cookie-background: #c4c4c4;
$color-cookie-checkbox-border: #8c8c8c;
$color-cookie-checkmark: #fff;
$color-cookie-primary: #16168a;
$color-cookie-secondary: #00d5ff;
$color-cookie-text: #000;
$color-cookie-btn-text: #fff;
$color-cookie-shadow: #000;
@import "@jensuweb/ngx-cookie-banner/src/lib/cookie-banner.component.scss";
```

> Setup options object in app.component

```ts
import { isPlatformBrowser } from "@angular/common";
import { Component, Inject, PLATFORM_ID } from "@angular/core";
import { TranslateService } from "@ngx-translate/core";
import { environment } from "src/environments/environment";
import {
  CookieOption,
  Options,
  CookieService,
} from "@jensuweb/ngx-cookie-banner/src/public-api";

@Component({
  selector: "app-root",
  templateUrl: "./app.component.html",
  styleUrls: ["./app.component.scss"],
})
export class AppComponent {
  public cookieOptions: Options = {
    title: "Banner Title",
    description:
      "I respect your privacy and will only load the cookies, you want",
    buttonAll: "Acceppt all",
    buttonSelected: "Accept only selected",
    labelNecessary: "Necessary",
    options: [new CookieOption({ value: "analythics", label: "Analythics" })],
  };

  constructor(cookieService: CookieService) {
    cookieService.gaTrackingId = "ga-12345";
  }
}
```

> Add cookie banner to your app.component.html. If you use angular universal, don't forget to show banner only on platform browser, or it will throw errors.

```html
<router-outlet></router-outlet>
<ngx-cookie-banner [options]="cookieOptions">
  <p>This is some custom html displayed above the checkboxes.</p>
</ngx-cookie-banner>
```

The CookieConsent object, which includes the user cookie selection, will be stored in "cookieConsent" localStorage variable.

## Subscribe to Cookie Consent

The last thing to do is to subscripe to getCookieConsent and load your content,
depending on what the user wants to allow

```ts
export class AppComponent {
  // ...
  constructor(private cookieService: CookieService) {
    this.cookieService.getCookieConsent().subscribe({
      next: (result: CookieConsent) => {
        if (result && result.options) {
          result.options.forEach((option) => {
            if (option.value === "analythics" && option.checked) {
              // If you added an option with label "analythics, this is handled automatically
              this.cookieService.loadGoogleAnalytics("myTrackingId");
            }
            // ...more cookie consent options...
          });
        }
      },
    });
  }
  // ...
}
```

Alternative to the previous way, you can do it a bit simpler like this:

```ts
export class AppComponent {
  // ...
  constructor(private cookieService: CookieService) {
    this.cookieService.getOption("tracking").subscribe({
      next: (result: CookieOption) => {
        this.cookieService.loadGoogleAnalytics("myTrackingId");
      },
    });
  }
  // ...
}
```

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name --project cookie-banner` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module --project cookie-banner`.

> Note: Don't forget to add `--project cookie-banner` or else it will be added to the default project in your `angular.json` file.

## Build

Run `ng build cookie-banner` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Publishing

After building your library with `ng build cookie-banner`, go to the dist folder `cd dist/cookie-banner` and run `npm publish`.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test cookie-banner` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

chore: upgrade angular to v13
relates to: #2

projects/cookie-banner/README.md, after:

# CookieBanner
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-v14.21.1-red?logo=npm)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-v13.31.12-red?logo=angular)

This Library is a simple configurable cookie banner component.

## Usage

> Run `npm i @jensuweb/ngx-cookie-banner`

> Add CookieBannerModule to your AppModule

```ts
import { NgModule } from "@angular/core";
import { BrowserModule } from "@angular/platform-browser";
import { AppRoutingModule } from "./app-routing.module";
import { AppComponent } from "./app.component";
import { CookieBannerModule } from "@jensuweb/ngx-cookie-banner";

@NgModule({
  declarations: [AppComponent],
  imports: [BrowserModule, AppRoutingModule, CookieBannerModule],
  providers: [],
  bootstrap: [AppComponent],
})
export class AppModule {}
```

> Import library styles in your public scss file and set color variables.
> Instead of importing, you can copy the scss code and modify it to your needs. Don't forget to place it inside your public styles, otherwise it will not work.

```scss
// Set colors as you like. The following are the default colors.
$color-cookie-background: #c4c4c4;
$color-cookie-checkbox-border: #8c8c8c;
$color-cookie-checkmark: #fff;
$color-cookie-primary: #16168a;
$color-cookie-secondary: #00d5ff;
$color-cookie-text: #000;
$color-cookie-btn-text: #fff;
$color-cookie-shadow: #000;
@import "@jensuweb/ngx-cookie-banner/src/lib/cookie-banner.component.scss";
```

> Setup options object in app.component

```ts
import { isPlatformBrowser } from "@angular/common";
import { Component, Inject, PLATFORM_ID } from "@angular/core";
import { TranslateService } from "@ngx-translate/core";
import { environment } from "src/environments/environment";
import {
  CookieOption,
  Options,
  CookieService,
} from "@jensuweb/ngx-cookie-banner/src/public-api";

@Component({
  selector: "app-root",
  templateUrl: "./app.component.html",
  styleUrls: ["./app.component.scss"],
})
export class AppComponent {
  public cookieOptions: Options = {
    title: "Banner Title",
    description:
      "I respect your privacy and will only load the cookies, you want",
    buttonAll: "Acceppt all",
    buttonSelected: "Accept only selected",
    labelNecessary: "Necessary",
    options: [new CookieOption({ value: "analythics", label: "Analythics" })],
  };

  constructor(cookieService: CookieService) {
    cookieService.gaTrackingId = "ga-12345";
  }
}
```

> Add cookie banner to your app.component.html. If you use angular universal, don't forget to show banner only on platform browser, or it will throw errors.

```html
<router-outlet></router-outlet>
<ngx-cookie-banner [options]="cookieOptions">
  <p>This is some custom html displayed above the checkboxes.</p>
</ngx-cookie-banner>
```

The CookieConsent object, which includes the user cookie selection, will be stored in "cookieConsent" localStorage variable.

## Subscribe to Cookie Consent

The last thing to do is to subscripe to getCookieConsent and load your content,
depending on what the user wants to allow

```ts
export class AppComponent {
  // ...
  constructor(private cookieService: CookieService) {
    this.cookieService.getCookieConsent().subscribe({
      next: (result: CookieConsent) => {
        if (result && result.options) {
          result.options.forEach((option) => {
            if (option.value === "analythics" && option.checked) {
              // If you added an option with label "analythics, this is handled automatically
              this.cookieService.loadGoogleAnalytics("myTrackingId");
            }
            // ...more cookie consent options...
          });
        }
      },
    });
  }
  // ...
}
```

Alternative to the previous way, you can do it a bit simpler like this:

```ts
export class AppComponent {
  // ...
  constructor(private cookieService: CookieService) {
    this.cookieService.getOption("tracking").subscribe({
      next: (result: CookieOption) => {
        this.cookieService.loadGoogleAnalytics("myTrackingId");
      },
    });
  }
  // ...
}
```

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name --project cookie-banner` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module --project cookie-banner`.

> Note: Don't forget to add `--project cookie-banner` or else it will be added to the default project in your `angular.json` file.

## Build

Run `ng build cookie-banner` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Publishing

After building your library with `ng build cookie-banner`, go to the dist folder `cd dist/cookie-banner` and run `npm publish`.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test cookie-banner` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
